chore(docs): Small changes to docs (#776)
graphql-nexus/nexus: docs/content/010-getting-started/03-tutorial/03-chapter-2-writing-your-first-schema.mdx

We'll start by letting API clients read the drafts of your blog.

> > NOTE: This should throw an error when you save the file. Don't worry, we'll fix it in a second!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: This should cause a static type error when you save the file. Don't worry, we'll fix it in a second!
```
